Apple Cider Brisket
Ingredients:
1 (3-4 lbs) beef brisket
Salt
Black pepper
2 tbsp. neutral oil
1 ½ lb baby potatoes, halved
4 large carrots, peeled and cut into 2” pieces
2 shallots, sliced into ¼”-thick rounds
4 cups apple cider
1 ½ cups low-sodium beef or chicken broth
6 sprigs thyme
2 bay leaves
¾ cayenne pepper
Directions:
Step 1
Preheat oven 325°. Pat brisket dry with paper towels; season all over with salt and black pepper
Step 2
In a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat, heat oil. Add brisket and cook, turning occasionally, until browned, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a large baking dish. 
Step 3
Reduce heat to medium. In same pot, cook potatoes cut side down, undisturbed, until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add carrots and shallots; season with salt and black pepper. Stir to release potatoes. Return brisket and any accumulated juices to pot. Pour cider and broth over and add thyme and bay leaves. Add cayenne; season with salt and black pepper and stir to combine. Cover and bring to a boil. 
Step 4
Once boiling, transfer to over, still covered, and roast until brisket is easily shreddable, 2 ½ to 3 hours. 
Step 5
Discard thyme and bay leaves. Shred brisket with 2 forks. Transfer brisket to a platter. Arrange vegetables alongside and spoon juices over. 
Baked Sweet Potatoes
Ingredients:
4 cups sweet potatoes
1 tsp salt
1 cup brown sugar
1 tsp flour
½ cup cream
Directions:
Peel and cut potatoes. Cook with salt until almost tender; drain. Put in greased casserole dish; add remaining ingredients. Bake at 350° for 20-30 minutes or until sticky.  
Collards with Canadian Bacon 
Ingredients:
1 tbsp chopped onion
½ cup diced canadian bacon (or whatever kind you choose)
1 tbsp vegetable oil
11 oz collard greens, chopped
salt and pepper to taste
Directions:
Sauté onions and bacon in hot oil for 5 minutes. Add greens and toss to coat. Cover and reduce heat. Simmer 10-15 minutes, stirring frequently. Season to taste.  
Sweet Potatoes with Pork Chops and Pears 
Ingredients:
1 pint pear halves
4 medium sweet potatoes cooked
4 pork chops
salt and pepper
½ cup brown sugar
2 tbsp butter
¼ tsp cinnamon
Directions:
Drain pears, save syrup. Peel potatoes, cut crosswise into thick slices. Place in bottom of shallow baking dish. Trim fat off chops and brown chops slightly. Sprinkle w/ salt and pepper and place on sweet potatoes. Combine pear juice with remaining ingredients; heat until sugar dissolves. Spoon ½ the syrup over chops. Bake 350° for 30 min. Remove from over and place pear halves around the chops. Spoon remaining syrup over the pears and chops. Bake 30 min more or until chops are tender. 

Italian Soup 
Ingredients:
1 lb ground beef
1 cup chopped onion
1 pint tomato sauce
2 cups beef broth
1 cup chopped celery
1 tsp salt
½ tsp pepper
1 cup diced tomatoes
2 cups mixed vegetables (potatoes, carrots, radishes, turnips)
Directions:
Brown beef w/ onion and drain. Add tomato sauce, beef broth, celery, salt & pepper. Simmer for 20 minutes. Add tomatoes and vegetables and simmer an additional 15 minutes or until vegetables are tender.  
Watercress and Parsley Soup 
Ingredients:
2 tbsp butter
½ cup onion
¼ cup wheat flour
2 ¼ cup chicken broth
2 cups milk
2 ½ cups parsley
2 cups watercress
⅛ tsp nutmeg
¼ tsp salt
¼ tsp pepper
Directions:
Melt butter, add onions, saute briefly. Add flour and cook 3 min. Gradually stir in the stock and milk and bring to a boil, whisking constantly. Lower heat then add parsley and watercress, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Cover and cook 5 min or less. (Greens should be chopped fine or processed with milk in blender before adding.) Can add chicken. 
Creamy Leek and Potato Soup
Ingredients:
3 cups diced potatoes
½ cup chopped leeks or onions
1 cup celery, chopped
1 cup water
2 tbsp butter
1 to 2 cups milk
1 tsp salt
Directions:
Cook potatoes, leeks, and celery with water until tender. Mash well if desired. Add butter, milk, and salt. Season with a dash of pepper and parsley. Heat again, serve.  
Title 
Ingredients:
1 cup
Directions:
mix


Sausage Stuffed Acorn Squash
Ingredients:
2 acorn squash
1lb sausage
1 cup finely chopped onion
1 cup finely chopped celery
¾ cup stale bread crumbs
1 cup grated cheese

Directions:
Cut squash in half lengthwise and remove seeds. Place squash cut side down in baking pan. Add ¼-½” water and bake at 375° for 35 min. Brown sausage, drain all but 2 tablespoons of drippings. Remove sausage and sauté onions and celery in drippings about 5 min. Remove from heat and stir in bread crumbs. Quickly stir in sausage and cheese. Put into lightly salted squash cavities and bake 350° for 20-30 minutes. 
 
Butternut Squash Casserole
Ingredients:
1 butternut squash, diced in 1” cubes (or smaller)
1 lb sausage
1 chopped onion
salt

Directions:
Add all ingredients in a baking dish with salt to taste. Bake at 350-400° until squash is tender. 

Note: make sure sausage has grease in it. If not, put coconut oil in the bottom of the pan. 
Turmeric Chicken Curry 
Ingredients:
1 ½ cups of rice
2 tbsp Sprouts Virgin Coconut Oil
1 white onion, diced
1- inch ginger, grated
2 cloves garlic, chopped
1 lb. chicken breast, cubed
½ cup coconut milk
½ cup coconut cream
2 tbsp coconut aminos
Juice of half a lime, reserve the other half to serve
1 tsp sea salt
½ tsp Sprouts organic turmeric powder
¼ tsp black pepper, omit for AIP
2 tbsp fresh cilantro, chopped
Directions:
Cook rice according to package directions. Using a large pan, melt the coconut oil on medium heat. Add the diced onion, ginger, and garlic and sauté for 3-4 minutes or until the onion is translucent. Remove from the pan and set aside, reserving the coconut oil in the pan.

Add the chicken to the pan and lightly salt. Sauté until the internal temperature reads 165 F.

Add the onion back to the pan along with the coconut milk, coconut cream, coconut aminos, lime juice, and seasonings to the pan (reserving the fresh cilantro) and stir. Simmer and stir for about 5 minutes to allow the flavors to combine and the sauce thicken.

Season further to taste and top with fresh cilantro and lime wedges. Serve with cauliflower rice and enjoy! 
Chocolate Chip Cookies (gluten free)
Ingredients:
1 cup unsalted butter, softened, For dairy-free use Smart Balance butter, or vegan butter.
▢ 3/4 cup granulated sugar
▢ 3/4 cup brown sugar, packed
▢ 1 teaspoon molasses
▢ 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
▢ 1 large egg , For egg-free/vegan use Bob's Red Mill Gluten-Free Egg Replacer.
▢ 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
▢ 1/2 teaspoon gluten-free baking powder
▢ 1/2 teaspoon salt
▢ 2 1/2 cups all-purpose gluten-free flour with xanthan gum, I like Pillsbury gluten-free flour. Not all gluten-free flours are created equal. You may experience different baking results depending on the gluten-free flour blend you choose.
▢ 2 cups chocolate chips, For dairy-free/vegan use Nestle Simply Delicious or Enjoy Life mini chocolate chips.
Directions:
1.	Preheat oven to 375°F (190°C).
2.	In a large bowl beat the softened butter, granulated sugar, and brown sugar until creamy.
3.	Add the egg (or egg replacer), molasses, and pure vanilla extract to the butter mixture and mix until fully combined.
4.	Add the gluten-free flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt to the butter mixture and mix until fully combined.
5.	Either stir in the chocolate chips with a spoon or use your mixer on low to mix the chocolate chips into the cookie batter. 
6.	Drop by rounded tablespoon or use a greased cookie scoop. (I used a 1 1/2 tablespoon cookie scoop). Place the cookies 2 inches apart on a parchment-lined cookie sheet.
7.	Bake for 8-10 minutes until they start to turn golden brown (the centers of the cookies will be soft).  Please watch your oven because all ovens are different. 
 
Title 
Ingredients:
1 cup
Directions:
mix
